DATUM/DATE 2/16/2025:

Got a good night's rest like a healthy 8h
despite waking up around 6:30 to some fire
Cooking up for Dre. Showered and changed pretty much as
moment I rolled out of bed, and actually dressed nicely in
of 'comfortably' today; Olive green j Crew pants & all birds of
gray t-shirt. Went down to an anxious momma - scratch
actually spoke to her from the stairs were she told me Emilio's
ass had lost his passport and would not be on his way. love
I am worried about him, he says it was stolen, and may be based in someone with an accent is going
was... but I am getting increasingly worried that some of these things about
things: Shaking, sweating, anxiety, losing his temper, losing his job? None are acceptable reasons to be racist (I often act racist
Need to figure out a way to sincerely offer myself and my
without sounding professorial, preachy, or judgemental, I aspire
during our trip... but that went nowhere, and I don't believe myself
him... I honestly don't know what is going on but the line at Take 5 Oil change,
symptoms point to something and I really just want him to, but the line
okcy. I'd like to help him in any way I can, if he needs help some way or another Anon instead
I was proud of mom when she told me she hadn't criticized
him, lost it, been mean, etc. she tried to be reassuring
I really am proud of her & hope she keeps working on it
She sat down to watch TV and I went for a little nick
in Tesilly before work, started by going down Janis to my
storage, then to pinnacle, before going back home. Also
texted with Emilio & Cass & felt a little reassured
he is doing okay. Went to church and the Mom where
I pretty effectively reduced my hatefully negative feelings a couple
of times & successfully created alternative usher woman
DATUM/DATE 2/16/2025:
complains she can't understand Father Torres. My first
thought was anger & hate... But I was able to identify and
of what people might say about mom. I also thought
about why people might be racist, insecurity they see themselves
the way they see the people that they hate, or dislike... they are acknowledging
the thing they hate... if they attack it first, they are acknowledging
before they can hurt them. For the usher, her racism may
DON'T MEAN IT AT ALL... but "I like saying mean things about everyone I do!... Why? Cause I don't want
them to say negative things about me. I am not being "brave" when
I say the horrible thing. So, I am a huge coward shielding myself
our minds God, decided to go to Five Guys to eat